Feat(workflow): add apply remaining and multi envs docs (#160)
oam-dev/kubevela.io: docs/end-user/workflow/apply-remaining.md

title:  Apply Remaining
---

> This documentation introduces how to apply remaining in `WorkflowStepDefinition`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This documentation introduces how to apply remaining resources via `ApplyRemaining` WorkflowStepDefinition.
```

> In some cases, we don't need to apply all the resources, but it's too tedious to skip the needless ones and specify them one by one. KubeVela provides the `ApplyRemaining` action, which allows users to filter out needless resources and apply remaining.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If we have applied some resources and do not want to specify the rest one by one, KubeVela provides the `ApplyRemaining` workflow step to filter out selected resources and apply remaining.
```

> Suppose we have such an Application:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Suppose we have the following Application:
```
